index.md, before:

---
layout: home
---

![Symbiosis](/assets/images/logo-export.png){:style="display:block; width:700px; margin-left:auto; margin-right:auto"}

Communities grow and develop, in part, due to the training, career paths and outreach that they provide. But communities seem to exist at many different levels even when they share commonalities. For instance, High Performance Computing (HPC) specialisation is often a relatively distinct subgrouping within the wider Research Software Engineering (RSE) community. Similarly, RSE can also be considered a distinct subgroup within the wider HPC community. In different countries, this can lead to different ways of sharing expertise and experience between the general RSE and HPC groups. 

In this workshop we will explore the characteristics and approaches to this sharing, in order to understand the lessons that can be learned so that both groups can mutually benefit from each other.  

We will hear from individuals who have established roles in HPC and RSE communities as well as speakers who are new to the RSE/HPC community. The workshop will be concluded with a panel discussion on diversity, career paths, training opportunities and the dynamic relationship between RSE and HPC communities. 

The inaugural RSEHPC@ISC24 will be held in-person on 16th May 2024 in Hamburg.

## Talk submissions

To present a talk at RSEHPC@ISC24 use the [form on the Talk submission page](/submit/). RSEHPC@ISC24 will emphasise an open and inclusive atmosphere and we encourage proposals from a diverse range of areas and backgrounds.

The deadline for submissions is **29 Feb 2024**

## Organising committee

- Stefanie Reuter (University of Cambridge)
- Matthew Archer (University of Cambridge)
- Michael Bader (Technical University of Munich)
- Robert Speck (Forschungszentrum Juelich)
- Andy Turner (EPCC)
- Daniel S. Katz (National Center for Supercomputing Applications, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign)
- Claire Wyatt (Forschungszentrum Juelich and former community manager RSE UK)
- Marion Weinzierl (University of Cambridge, Institute of Computing for Climate Science)
- René Caspart (Karlsruhe Institute of Technology)
- Fernanda Foertter (Voltrondata)
- Neil Chue Hong (EPCC and Software Sustainability Institute)
- Mthetho Sovara (CSIR)

## Code of conduct

Coming soon..

Commit message:

Added note about keynote speakers

index.md, after:

---
layout: home
---

![Symbiosis](/assets/images/logo-export.png){:style="display:block; width:700px; margin-left:auto; margin-right:auto"}

Communities grow and develop, in part, due to the training, career paths and outreach that they provide. But communities seem to exist at many different levels even when they share commonalities. For instance, High Performance Computing (HPC) specialisation is often a relatively distinct subgrouping within the wider Research Software Engineering (RSE) community. Similarly, RSE can also be considered a distinct subgroup within the wider HPC community. In different countries, this can lead to different ways of sharing expertise and experience between the general RSE and HPC groups. 

In this workshop we will explore the characteristics and approaches to this sharing, in order to understand the lessons that can be learned so that both groups can mutually benefit from each other.  

We will hear from individuals who have established roles in HPC and RSE communities as well as speakers who are new to the RSE/HPC community. The workshop will be concluded with a panel discussion on diversity, career paths, training opportunities and the dynamic relationship between RSE and HPC communities. 

The inaugural RSEHPC@ISC24 will be held in-person on 16th May 2024 in Hamburg.

## Featured speakers
We are delighted to announce that Fernanda Foertter and Mthetho Sovara agreed to be our keynote speakers.

## Talk submissions

To present a talk at RSEHPC@ISC24 use the [form on the Talk submission page](/submit/). RSEHPC@ISC24 will emphasise an open and inclusive atmosphere and we encourage proposals from a diverse range of areas and backgrounds.

The deadline for submissions is **29 Feb 2024**

## Organising committee

- Stefanie Reuter (University of Cambridge)
- Matthew Archer (University of Cambridge)
- Michael Bader (Technical University of Munich)
- Robert Speck (Forschungszentrum Juelich)
- Andy Turner (EPCC)
- Daniel S. Katz (National Center for Supercomputing Applications, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign)
- Claire Wyatt (Forschungszentrum Juelich and former community manager RSE UK)
- Marion Weinzierl (University of Cambridge, Institute of Computing for Climate Science)
- René Caspart (Karlsruhe Institute of Technology)
- Fernanda Foertter (Voltrondata)
- Neil Chue Hong (EPCC and Software Sustainability Institute)
- Mthetho Sovara (CSIR)

## Code of conduct

Coming soon..
