submit/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Talk submission
---
Do you work as a Research Software Engineer (RSE) or a High Performance Computing (HPC) engineer? Or are you currently studying with a view to pursue a career in these areas? 

Share your experiences, for example by answering one or more of the following questions (More [topic suggestions](/RSE_HPC-ISC24/topics/)): 

- Has the RSE/HPC community helped improve a project, for example by finding collaboration partners or - providing training?
- Have you been involved in developing a training course or establishing career paths at an institute? 
- Have developed or used a training format that you think other people should know about?
- What has been your experience in  linking HPC and RSE communities? 

Submission Deadline:        29. Feb 2024
Notification:               16. March 2024
Workshop date:			    16. May 2024


As part of the Workshop track at ISC24 (International Supercomputing Conference) we are looking for 10 min presentations:
- Early career speaker: We are looking for early career RSE or HPC engineers or students who could share their experiences entering the RSE/HPC community or a story of how a collaboration/project was made possible because of community involvement. 
- Career Paths and training formats: We are looking for individuals who can talk about specific career paths in the RSE/HPC community or training formats/platforms. 
- Experiences in connecting HPC+RSE in projects. 

Details: Please submit a title and short abstract (up to 250 words). Abstracts for all accepted talks will be published with the workshop schedule.

We are looking forward to seeing you at the HPC-RSE workshop at ISC24 in Hamburg.

We specifically encourage submissions from early career speakers, i.e. typically within 5 years of graduation or have recently undergone a career change. RSEHPC@ISC24 will emphasise an open and inclusive atmosphere, and we encourage proposals from a diverse range of backgrounds.
If you have any questions about submitting a talk, feel free to contact [Stefanie Reuter (sr2003@cam.ac.uk) ](mailto:sr2003@cam.ac.uk) or [Matthew Archer (ma595@cam.ac.uk) ](mailto:ma595@cam.ac.uk).

{::comment}
possible website address: (mailto:submissions@isc24.rse-hpc.org
{:/comment}

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScsUOWy_Yl-xik6Us6OveVQW7L44IGc5eWtpBi57jjgi318Dg/viewform?embedded=true" width="900" height="1750" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading…</iframe>

Commit message:

small edits to form of dates

submit/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Talk submission
---
Do you work as a Research Software Engineer (RSE) or a High Performance Computing (HPC) engineer? Or are you currently studying with a view to pursue a career in these areas? 

Share your experiences, for example by answering one or more of the following questions (More topic suggestions can be found in section [topics](/RSE_HPC-ISC24/topics/)): 

- Has the RSE/HPC community helped improve a project, for example by finding collaboration partners or - providing training?
- Have you been involved in developing a training course or establishing career paths at an institute? 
- Have developed or used a training format that you think other people should know about?
- What has been your experience in linking HPC and RSE communities? 

Important dates:
- Submission Deadline:        29. Feb 2024
- Notification:               16. March 2024
- Workshop date:			  16. May 2024


As part of the Workshop track at ISC24 (International Supercomputing Conference) we are looking for 10 min presentations:
- Early career speaker: We are looking for early career RSE or HPC engineers or students who could share their experiences entering the RSE/HPC community or a story of how a collaboration/project was made possible because of community involvement. 
- Career Paths and training formats: We are looking for individuals who can talk about specific career paths in the RSE/HPC community or training formats/platforms. 
- Experiences in connecting HPC+RSE in projects. 

Details: Please submit a title and short abstract (up to 250 words). Abstracts for all accepted talks will be published with the workshop schedule.

We are looking forward to seeing you at the HPC-RSE workshop at ISC24 in Hamburg.

We specifically encourage submissions from early career speakers, i.e. typically within 5 years of graduation or have recently undergone a career change. RSEHPC@ISC24 will emphasise an open and inclusive atmosphere, and we encourage proposals from a diverse range of backgrounds.
If you have any questions about submitting a talk, feel free to contact [Stefanie Reuter (sr2003@cam.ac.uk) ](mailto:sr2003@cam.ac.uk) or [Matthew Archer (ma595@cam.ac.uk) ](mailto:ma595@cam.ac.uk).

{::comment}
possible website address: (mailto:submissions@isc24.rse-hpc.org
{:/comment}

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScsUOWy_Yl-xik6Us6OveVQW7L44IGc5eWtpBi57jjgi318Dg/viewform?embedded=true" width="900" height="1750" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading…</iframe>
